Sample Task Instructions:

So you can give me an idea of how you would fit in with our efforts to develop Android apps
I have created a small task. This task will give me an idea of your ability to:
	a) git and push code to BitBucket which you will need to do to work with us.
	b) work with controls. The sample control is being used in a non-standard way so it may take
	   a brief bit of research for you to wire it up.
	c) your ability to integrate layouts with SQLite.
	
I have placed a sample .apk and two .png screen shots in the assets directory. They are not part
of the app but I am hopping your having these will make help you better understand the explanation.
If you choose to install the .apk you will be able to see what the solution should look like.

The initial page of this app has been designed and is where the user signs in. It consists of an
image button and a spinner which need to work as follows:
	a) If the ImageButton (right side) is clicked/touched the spinner list should expand. The user
	   can then select from the list. The list will then close and that selection will become the
	   new value for the spinner.
	b) If the user clicks/touches the spinner (left side) they will go on to one of two pages. If
	   "Add New User" is selected the user should be taken to the AddUser activity (just take them
	    to the stub page). If a username is selected the database needs to be updated (see below)
	    and the user should be taken to the ActivitySelect activity. The selected username needs
	    to be passed to ActivitySelect.

There is a temp string array to get you started but the values for the spinner need to come from the
SQLite databasse in the assets folder.
	a) Startup database
	a) Load Sqinner using an alphabetized list of users from db.Users (prepend "Add New User" to
	   the list)
	b) The first item shown in Spinner should be the the last user who logged in which is stored in
	   db.Program_Settings.last_user

Before you transfer the user to the ActivitySelect activity you need to update the
db.Program_Settings.last_user so the program will have that information next time it runs.

From working with other programmers in the past I can provide you with a few notes:
	a) I choose to use tabs for indents. This is not negotiable and if this gets changed in the
	   code while you are editing it causes me frustration. To avoid this I will ask you to
	   change the settings in Android Studio for both Java and XML pages to use tabs for indents,
	   turn on smarttabs and set tab width to 4 spaces.
	b) Unless you are working on a new page which has not yet been uploaded to the repository do
	   not use any of the automatic Android Studio code reformatting.
	c) I rely on the diffs from BitBucket to quickly see what changes you are making to the code.
	   For this to be efficient to me you need to avoid changing code where it does not affect the
	   function of the program. Basically, unless you need to change something leave it alone.
	d) My variable naming is a combination of my own preference and things I have been talked into
	   from previous programmers. It is unlikely to change unless you can give me a good reason
	   why it would make a difference. I would encourage you to use the same naming strategy as
	   already exists in the code. If you do not please understand if I change the names over time.
	
Your task then, is to:
	1) Clone the repo
	2) Implement the functionality
	3) Push the changes. PLEASE PUSH YOUR CHANGES TO A BRANCH with your name. Do not push to the
	   main branch of the code.
	
Please ask questions if you have them.
Thanks,
Howard